+++
title="Reported speech"
date=2022-01-27
+++

# 92
1. He said that he'd just arrived
2. He said that they had been delayed two hours by a blocked line
3. He said the station had been packed with fotball fans from his home town.
4. He said that he could hardly hear me because they were making such a noise.

# 99
1. He told us to hang up our coats.
2. He warned us not to write in the margin.
3. He told us to put our name on each sheet.
4. He wants us to read the questions carefully

# 98
1. She asks us to show her our passports.
2. She asks us to fill up the form.
3. She asks us to sign the register
4. She asks us to write down the number of our car.

# 97
1. Ann advised me to send out for a bottle.
2. Tom advised me to wait till lunchtime.
3. Ann advised me to spend 1000£ on a terrific holiday.
4. Tom warned me not to change my way of living too quickly.

# 96
1. He wants me to copy a contract.
2. He wants me to correct a spelling mistake.
3. He wants me to add something to a letter.
4. He wants me to pin up the notices in a canteen.

# 93
1. Paul suggests hitch-hiking.
2. Bill suggests going on motor cycles because there's too many of us.
3. Ann suggests hiring cars, because the motor cycles would be too uncomfortable.
4. Bill suggested borowing  the college bus, because it would cost too much.

# 95
1. She asked me how long he had been there.
2. She asked me where he came from.
3. She asked me whether he taught in a technical college.
4. She asked me for how long he had been working there.



